South Hartford 911 what is your
emergency
when I was about 8 years old my mother
murdered three people and they thrashing
them all had committed these murders
during an exorcism an exorcism performed
on her the Holy Church got involved she
was transferred to the Centrino mental
hospital in Rome so here I am you start
wondering is it in my genes am I gonna
flip out one day yes precautions she
became so difficult there is a panic
button on the wall yeah I'm your
daughter if you really want to help your
mother you need a better understanding
of exorcism what do you suggest you need
to see a real one
this is a combination of science and
religion based on my background in
medicine please help my mother
this isn't consistent with any form of
possession that I've ever seen I'm sorry
Isabella this
[Music]